Advantaged:

March 22, 2030

Today I woke up at 10am, a lot earlier than I usually do. I did my usual routine of getting dressed, eating breakfast, and brushing my teeth before I headed out to the gym. I like going to the gym, it helps me get out of the house and gives my body a break from sitting at my computer all night when I stream. I feel that it helps me avoid stressing out too. After the gym I went and picked up some groceries. A lot of people at the store recognized me from my streams which felt weird in person, but it is pretty cool that they know who I am. When I got back home I checked the mail to see if my sponsorship money had come in yet. My checks from Red Bull, Adidas, and Twitch came in. Hopefully the others will be in later this week. After the mail, I showered and got ready to stream. It was like 2:30 - 3pm at this point so I figured I would get comfortable and start streaming at 4. I did my usual 10 hour stream so I hopped off at around 2am. I spent 3/4 of the stream playing games with subs and the last 1/4 in discord talking to viewers. Speaking of subscribers, today's stream marked me hitting 10k monthly subscribers which is a big milestone for me. Hopefully I will be able to reach 100k monthly subs like Tfue and Ninja. Anyways, it is 4am right now so I'll pick back up tomorrow.

Disadvantaged:

March 22, 2030

Today I woke up at 6am per usual. I ate breakfast, got myself ready for the day and then hopped on a conference call. Today's conference call was with the board of directors. It seems that we are losing more and more viewers on our television network as the days go by. Even though we have partnered with streaming services such as Netflix and Hulu and upload videos on YouTube, it seems that viewers are more interested in livestreaming than in traditional streaming that dominated the last decade. Maybe it is because of the interaction between streamer and viewer that we cannot provide. We are trying to nudge our way into the livestreaming space, but we do not have anywhere near as much popularity as these already established streamers. A lot of pressure was put on me to try and find a solution, but I haven't been able to come up with a good one yet. It is really stressing me out if I am being honest. I was glad to get out of that conference call and continue on with the day. Aside from the conference call, nothing out of the ordinary happened today. More of the same going through emails, responding to questions, working on spreadsheets, etc. Now more than ever this part of the job is starting to take a toll on me physically and mentally as I have these people breathing down my neck. I finally finished my work at around midnight which is pretty early now that I think about it, and now I am ready for bed. I hope I can get myself out of this mess ASAP, but it seems that the company is struggling to keep its footing.