1.) Mental Health in streaming?

	Interacting with livestreamers is a big part as to why livestreaming has become popular. You can hop into any stream and be able to chat to the streamer as if they were right next to you. As a result, a lot of viewers form connections with their favorite streamers and are more open to talking to them about their issues, especially since they can hide behind a username and be anonymous. Take This, an organization founded in 2013 to help educate members of the gaming industry and community to better their understanding of mental health, is attempting to educate streamers on how to handle the topic of mental health if it comes up from one of their viewers. Source: https://www.theverge.com/2018/4/6/17202510/take-this-mental-health-twitch-youtube-streamers-ambassadors

That is the mental health side for the viewers, however, a lot of streamers suffer from mental illness themselves. This is a result of many things, but mainly streamers end up developing mental health issues due to how consistent and hard they have to work to keep their name and followers up and also from their personal and work lives often mixing, which makes it hard for them to detatch from thinking about work all of the time. Twitch themselves know that this is a problem and partnered with NAMI, the National Alliance on Mental Illness, to provide streamers some tips on how to cope and resources if they ever need. They shared "5 Mental Health Tips for Online Content Creators" by Ross Kerr from NAMI. Those 5 tips are clearly shown in the blog at this URL: https://blog.twitch.tv/en/2019/04/30/the-importance-of-mental-health-for-every-streamer-9db0346f6a4a/

2.) Porn livestreaming?

In an interview conducted by Vox's Alexander Bisley, he discusses with journalist Jon Ronson about the porn industry and its affects on the actors and actresses. Although the interview focuses more on the money aspect of the industry, it also touches on some subjects such as piracy and labor rights of the performers. In the interview it says that free porn sites such as PornHub basically take videos that you would normally pay for, and put them up for free, thus taking money away from the performers and production team. On top of that, the performers are told to act like everything is alright and are encouraged to always appear "chirpy and happy" on their social media in order to keep their image up. https://www.vox.com/conversations/2017/10/6/16435742/jon-ronson-butterfly-effect-internet-free-porn

This is where porn livestreaming comes in. By live streaming yourself doing whatever sexual act, you are free from having to worry about getting screwed over financially after making a video because you receive donations in real time. Also, you can't pirate a livestream, and even if you screenrecord it or something there is no point because the viewer can just hop on a site and watch the performer live. So why would someone choose to sit there and watch a past stream when they can watch it in realtime and have much more interaction with the person. Aside from the financial part, the performer can also choose when they want to go live and what sexual acts they want or do not want to do. As a result, the performer is given a lot more freedom which essentially gives them more labor rights. A downside of this, however, is that the performer has to do everything on their own. This makes it harder to gain a following, especially if the person is not a big name already. Some big name porn stars who stream already have a fan base setup so it is an easy transition for them and in some cases they also stream alongside making videos.

